Welcome to the Summer 2006 UTM session of Computing Insights for Teachers.

You are receiving this email because you registered for the ADVANCED session of CIT 2006.

0) What will we be covering (at least to start)?
1) FREE PARKING at UTM
2) Food
3) Share your resources with other CIT attendees
4) Reminders
5) "What if I have not paid yet?"
6) I need your shirt size!

0) This year, we will go into depth on Problem Solving and a bit 
   more in depth with basic Java to start.

   By the end of the first few days, you will be sure to understand what
   a reference is and know how to teach the concept. You will understand
   when to declare a method and when, and how to define classes. You will
   know what pass by value means and why this applies to Java. You will
   know what Javadoc is, how to create it and understand its value.
   You will know what an array really is and how to use them as well
   as understand recursion. All of this is accompanied by examples and 
   exercises which you work on in our lab using one of the popular
   teaching/development environments (DrJava, Eclipse, JEdit).

   Oh yes, this is just the first few days!! After that (or intermixed)
   we will be working on GUI programming, Drawing and Painting, 
   Game Programming, data structures, file I/O (if interested), 
   may talk about threadding, network programming etc.
   depending on your interest. If there is anything else you would like
   to discuss, please let me know!!

   A more comprehensive list appeared in an earlier note!!

1) PARKING IS FREE AT UTM!! Just so you know, we don't make a big deal about
   this, but at $15/day (ie Intro session), this could significantly increase 
   the cost of attending CIT.

   How do you get free parking? Well, just send me (email me) the 
   make, model and license for the car you will be parking at UTM. The parking
   office will then give me passes for the duration of the conference. In an 
   upcomming note, I will tell you where to pick them up (at UTM).

   If you have already sent me this information, please ignore!

2) We use your money to pay for food (among other things). 

3) You can help us with CIT! Each year we have a few teachers discuss
   their teaching strategies, demo some tools they use, post sample
   assignments, exercises and tests. Sharing your experience with others
   is one of the best ways to help all students and other teachers.

   "OK, what should I do?" Well, just send me an email with some of your stuff,
    offer to talk about some tools or approaches to teaching a topic etc.

4) I would like to do is draw your attention
   to the UTM CIT website. This is located at 

   http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~arnold/cit/

   This website contains UTM specific questions and answers (FAQ).
   You may be particularly interested in directions, location, 
   what we covered last year, the online quiz etc...

5) If you have not yet paid, it is probably best (at this point) to bring 
   the cheque to the session. We have food orders etc. out expecting 
   your attendance and will be billed for this shortly. Please make
   sure you bring $ to the first session (if you have not already paid).

   If, for some reason, you are not attending, I need to know asap!

6) Please let me know your shirt size, for obvious reasons.

Looking forward to seeing you this summer!

Please contact us if you do not wish to attend the Advanced CIT section.

Arnold Rosenbloom
arnold@cs.toronto.edu
